_docs/Sites/statistical_consulting.md, before:

---
title: Statistical Consulting Unit – what we do and how we assist researchers improve their research practice
permalink: statistical_consulting.html
sidebar: sidebar
product: SIH Statistics Resources
---

We provide tailored statistical advice to University of Sydney researchers, research students, and affiliates.
How we can help

Our team can provide:

* advice on experimental design
* support with data analysis and interpretation
* support with reviewing statistics in your project or grant application
* support with calculation of sample size and experimental power that will be needed in your grant application

If you are an eligible University of Sydney student or staff member, you can book a consult by [requesting project help](https://www.sydney.edu.au/research/facilities/sydney-informatics-hub/project-support.html)

### Acknowledgement of statistical consulting service

The continued acknowledgment of the use of Sydney Informatics Hub facilities including statistical consulting ensures the sustainability of our services. Suggested wording for acknowledging help provided during statistical consulting:

"The authors acknowledge the Statistical Consulting service provided by the Sydney Informatics Hub, a Core Research Facility of the University of Sydney."
 
Acknowledging specific staff:

"The authors acknowledge the Statistical Consulting service provided by [name of staff] from the Sydney Informatics Hub, a Core Research Facility of the University of Sydney."

{% include links.html %}

Commit message:

Update with comments from Chris

_docs/Sites/statistical_consulting.md, after:

---
title: Statistical Consulting Unit – what we do and how we assist researchers improve their research practice
permalink: statistical_consulting.html
sidebar: sidebar
product: SIH Statistics Resources
---

### About us

The Statistical Consulting Unit is part of the Sydney Informatics Hub, a Core Research Facility at the University of Sydney. We are a group of experienced statisticians who give practical advice on experimental design, analysis and interpreting statistical/quantitative results in one-on-one consultations and workshops. We also help you resolve reviewer’s comments to get your papers published or projects greenlit, boost grant success by submit an optimal experimental/analytical design up front and find more interesting/useful patterns in your data quicker and with less pain. We encourage use of the free R statistical programming language, aiding you to build up your analytical coding skills, which you can use anywhere your career takes you. We also assist with SPSS and other statistical software packages. Rather than just ‘do your statistics’ we advance your statistical skills to improve your research practice leading to higher quality research outputs and publications in higher impact journals.
 
Some examples of the help we provide is:

* Advice on experimental design
* Support with data analysis and interpretation
* Support with reviewing statistics in your project or grant application
* Support with calculation of sample size and experimental power that will be needed in your grant application
* Paid projects where we do the analysis for you

### How to contact us

The consultation service and workshops are free for Sydney University researchers and HDR students. Projects will also be undertaken at subsided rates. For assistance, please fill out the SIH assistance form using the big red Contact Us button on the [SIH webpage](https://www.sydney.edu.au/research/facilities/sydney-informatics-hub.html).

For more information and to download our workshops/workflows along with other curated resources go to the [Workshops and Workflows](workshops-and-workflows) and Resources sections of this website. For upcoming trainings please refer to the Workshops section on our website and sign up for our mailing list [insert link].

Read more information about our team. We work within the Sydney Informatics Hub Core Research Facility team to support researchers and research students at the University of Sydney.

### Acknowledgement of statistical consulting service

The continued acknowledgment of the use of Sydney Informatics Hub facilities including statistical consulting ensures the sustainability of our services. Suggested wording for acknowledging help provided during statistical consulting:

```
The authors acknowledge the Statistical Consulting service provided by the Sydney Informatics Hub, a Core Research Facility of the University of Sydney.
```

### Acknowledging specific staff

```
The authors acknowledge the Statistical Consulting service provided by [name of staff] from the Sydney Informatics Hub, a Core Research Facility of the University of Sydney.
```

{% include links.html %}
